form update (#14892)
meshery/meshery: docs/pages/project/contributing/contributing.md

- **Build** Meshery: Confirm that you have a usable development environment.
- **Discuss** with the community by engaging in the [discussion forum](https://meshery.io/community#discussion-forums).
- **Contribute** by grabbing any open issue with the [help-wanted label](https://github.com/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+archived%3Afalse+org%3Alayer5io+org%3Ameshery+org%3Aservice-mesh-performance+org%3Aservice-mesh-patterns+label%3A%22help+wanted%22+) and jump in. If needed, create a [new issue](https://github.com/meshery/meshery/issues/new/choose). All [pull requests](https://github.com/meshery/meshery/pulls) should reference an open issue. Include keywords in your pull request descriptions, as well as commit messages, to [automatically close issues in GitHub](https://help.github.com/en/github/managing-your-work-on-github/closing-issues-using-keywords).

> - **Fill-in** a [community member form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdMLeZY6hZ46yYNkoKKV5OM-jCypjbYcqptbUNltEE73EqCjA/viewform?usp=sf_link) community member form to gain access to community resources.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Fill-in** a [community member form](https://meshery.io/newcomers) community member form to gain access to community resources.
```
